hi my name is Anna and this is my entry
to the 2015 NYX face awards and usually
I don't sound like this I'm really sick
but I wanted to get this in here because
things you do for makeup anyway this is
like a psychedelic hipster roommate a
thing and I think it came out really
cool at I hope you guys enjoy and I hope
I make it to the top 30 and am super
super excited so you have a nice day use
a foundation lettuce similar to your
skin tone to cover up any red spots that
may be on your face for that day my nose
is kind of red because I've been blowing
it because of my deranged illness just
make sure to blend that in so you can't
see any streaks
take any white cream makeup and apply it
on your cheekbones your jawline and your
temple this will act as a base for the
eye shadow that we're going to be
applying next
for this step use any purple and blue
and pink eye shadows that you have
laying around the house I used those
over there and put some arrows that can
help guide you if you need it and I
applied a light periwinkle Lee color
blue on my cheekbone and then I used a
purple to blend it up into my temple
me
here I'm using an even darker blue to
highlight my cheekbones to make them
look more defined and sunken in your I'm
bringing the purple color up into my
forehead and on my hairline is that what
it's called as it is it called a
hairline I think so okay and then I'm
also taking the blue down on my jawline
and make sure you blend that in or all
gonna look weird so yes keep blending
you gotta blend away okay
here I'm taking another blue shadow and
contouring the sides of my nose and
again blending that out and this is to
make your nose look more like slim and
linear
and here my favorite product i'm using
nixes jumbo eye pencil in milk to apply
all over my lids as a base for the eye
shadow we're going to be using make sure
you use your fingers to blend it out or
else it'll look too harsh use a pink
eyeshadow and apply all over your lids
and make sure you get it opaque and
really nice looking and then you can use
a blue in your crease and in your outer
V I use two different shades of blue
just because I'm a rebel
take a soft black eye pencil to line
your waterline and now for the best part
winging out your eyeliner so you can use
any liquid or gel eyeliner to achieve
this look and I started by lining my
lash line and then drawing a line
extending from my bottom lash water line
thing and then I drew in and filled in
the little triangle think we made
and here i'm taking a purple eyeliner
and making a little like line thing on
the side just cuz I thought it was cute
and then I took a black eyeshadow and
filled in my eyebrows how I normally
would except I used black instead of a
brown and here take some falsies add
some lash glue of your choice and try
not to do that and then wait around a
minute for it to get tacky and then
apply them onto that lash line man
next use your favorite mascara and apply
this to the top and bottom lashes
I went back in with my liquid eyeliner
and drew on some extra little lashes
extending from my bottom lashes and from
the wing
now take any blue lipstick blue face
paint blue cream makeup and outline your
lips in any shape you like and then I
used nixes jumbo eye pencil again in
milk and I apply that on the center of
my lips and blended it in to act as like
a nombre and I kind of like it look cool
then use an eyeshadow to outline your
collar bones to make them look more bode
and then I use this piece of like a
what's it called it was like a hamper
and I cut it up and I like it better
than fishnets because it doesn't stretch
and then therefore doesn't smudge again
I used some water activated paints in
blue and red to make a um what you call
it like a scaly texture and I think it
looks pretty cool
here I'm taking some little mini silver
dollars in some little mini starfish and
using eyelash glue and spirit gum to
apply these to my face this eyelash glue
worked a little bit better than the
spirit gum just because it was strong
and now i'm using again spirit gum and
applying that on my neck and then tena
throwing on some glitter just cuz you
know if you're a mermaid you got high
blood then I'm taking my flat iron and
just fixing my bangs and taking my hair
out just cuz you know mermaid goals and
then hair spraying it so it stays in
tight and now I took some little like
shell bead thingies that are super
pretty and I put some on my like hair
area and I took another one wrapped it
around my forehead to act as like a
headband thing and I actually think they
were really pretty and they brought the
whole look together now here are some
photographs for you to enjoy of myself
if you enjoyed this video I I don't
really know what to commentate over this
part so you're just gonna listen to this
have a nice day okay bye